welcome to the proper pour I'm Charlotte
Boise what I love about vodka cocktails
is it's all about the creativity your
ideas the other ingredients that you put
on top of that wonderful smooth canvas
and I'm about to make for you a
lemongrass drop which as the title
suggests is a bit of a play on
everybody's kind of favorite first vodka
cocktail a lemon drop I'm going to start
off then with some muddled pineapple
which is already a curveball
I'm going to take a few steps away from
the classic lemon drop gonna muddle in
some fresh pineapple now you can use
fresh pineapple juice but it's also nice
just to give your muddling skills a bit
of a practice so will squash that down
just enough to get the flavors the
pineapple juice ready in our cocktail
and I'm gonna add some Stoli citrus as
our base and the citrus bulker in this
drink just helps to give it a bit of an
edge bit of a zesty pop so one and a
half ounces of Stoli citrus okay and
vodka being the usual base of a lemon
drop we're gonna add some fresh lemon
juice again as the classic would call
for half a lemon is about half an ounce
freshly squeezed that in now rather than
a regular simple syrup I'm gonna use a
lemongrass infused simple syrup which is
not as tricky as it sounds to make you
just want to chop up some lemongrass you
can blend it strain out the solids to
get a nice infused simple syrup or you
can chop it up and just leave it to
steep for a couple of days and there you
have a nice beautiful lemongrass
flavored simple syrup next I'm also
going to add some st. germain just to
give it a little kind of cheeky twist of
flavor about a half an ounce of st.
germain there we go now we're ready to
shake this up a nice hard shake to get
the ingredients mixed and cooled down
and I'm gonna double-strain this
cocktail up give it a nice smooth
texture once again so a little different
from your classic a little more complex
in terms of flavor profiles what I love
with this cocktail is the lemongrass
comes through it's quite delicate a
little aromatic and so for garnish
rather than a lemon wedge or a sugar rim
I'm gonna go for something a little more
sophisticated and I'm gonna go for a
mint leaf just pull out one nice green
single mint leaf give it a little clap
just to get those aromas out and you can
lay that on top of the cocktail and
you've got quite a little upgrade on
your classic lemon drop